when President Ahmadinejad wants to send
aid to his neighbor President Karzai he
sends the money in cash mr. Karzai seed
Omar DARS I carried one of the payments
a bag stuffed full of euros home on the
presidential plane it would be that
might worry some about what Iran gets
for its money to the news conference
today President Karzai said the payments
were nothing out of the ordinary
simply legitimate funds for government
business the cash payments are done by
various friendly countries to help the
presidential office and this is
transparent and this is something that I
have I have also discussed whether even
when we were at Camp David with
President Bush this is nothing hidden
even the United States gives its aid in
plastic bags said the president Jack
bore your double once or twice in a year
Iran has given 500 or 600 or 700
thousand euros but the president's words
are unlikely to reassure some foreign
partners who worried about corruption
within his government and Iran's growing
influence here in Afghanistan and
they'll also be asking where has the
money gone because despite receiving
billions in aid Afghanistan is still one
of the poorest countries in the world
western Afghanistan is one of the
richest parts of the country it's
factories have prospered being close to
Iran its influence runs deep these
motorbikes will be sold across the
border but what does Tehran get for the
money it sends to Kabul the Iranians
have provided your hard cash to they the
most important personal staff member it
so as to influence the way that the
president thinks sees the world and acts
that's exactly the kind of culture and
that everybody's been concerned about
sort of it's like it's the cultural it
has got us into the mess that we're in
money matters
in today's Afghanistan Deal or No Deal
has become one of the country's most
popular shores and few of its viewers
would be surprised at today's
revelations they know that cash is king
here everyone needs it to get by even
government ministers
Quentin Somerville BBC news Kabul
[Applause]